june 25th i went to the hospital today
after eating a juicy sweet watermelon in
the afternoon
i felt something weird in my stomach the
doctors
scanned my body and found an unusual
abnormality
a watermelon seed i'd swallowed in the
morning stayed in my stomach for some
reason
and it looks like it's sprouting inside
me now
i wanted to get rid of it but the
doctors said it was safe
as long as it was controlled they also
offered me a more than decent amount of
money if i let them watch the watermelon
grow
june 26th i learned a lot about
watermelons
they're berries actually their seeds
just like the seeds of other berries
can't settle in the human body they just
float through our digestive system
and remove themselves from the body
during the day when we go to the toilet
to grow a watermelon you need warm soil
rich in nutrients
the human stomach is not fit for this
but
mine is absolutely perfect for growing
watermelons for some reason
okay let's see what happens next and by
the way
the watermelon will fully ripen in my
stomach after about 80 days
july 12th i feel quite fine
i have a lot of energy and strength in
fact i used to need a lot of food to
feel full
for lunch i could eat a hamburger a
portion of french fries
fried wings vegetable salad and a soda
to wash
it down today i eat only vegetables and
drink a lot of water
what's the norm for a person half a
gallon of water per day
i think i drink a little more july 20th
i spent all day outside the sun is
shining and i like to bathe in its rays
i couldn't imagine my life without air
conditioning in the summer before
now i don't even turn it on i like the
heat
the cool thing is i don't sweat at all
the watermelon growing inside me takes
all the moisture
the average watermelon weighs 20 pounds
and is 90 percent water
i drink about a gallon of water a day
the most amazing
thing is that i hardly eat food water
makes me feel full i hope my body will
be alright
july 31st i'm back in the hospital
the doctors are making an ultrasound of
my stomach a small ball is visible
inside
but it's not round like a normal
watermelon
my watermelon has taken the shape of my
stomach and has become
oval soon my entire stomach will be
filled with the watermelon
and there won't be enough space for food
at all doctors give me liquid vitamins
for normal body functioning
a doctor is taking a blood test he says
my blood
is 30 percent watermelon juice now i
guess that makes me the sweetest person
on the planet
august 5th the city has been overcast
for three days
the sun is hidden behind grey clouds i
feel bad
i drink a lot of water but it's not
enough for me
i need the sun the doctors tell me to go
to the tanning salon
i sunbathe for two hours and drink two
glasses of water every 10 minutes
the salon employees are shocked okay
i feel good now the watermelon has
absorbed enough energy from the uv
rays i'm going home it's raining
everyone is walking around with
umbrellas or rushing to hide under roofs
but i enjoy the weather i stand still
for a few minutes and get
wet to the bone but when i come home i
notice i'm completely dry
down to the clothes cool now i can
absorb water through my skin
sounds like a super power i look in the
mirror
and realize why people in the tanning
salon were looking at me like that
my skin has a greenish tinge
august 12th i didn't want to go to the
tanning salon and scare people again
so i built my own i bought two regular
tanning bulbs
got into the bathroom surrounded myself
with uv rays
and lay there all day when i got out of
the tub
it was completely dry my body absorbed
all the water august 26th
the watermelon inside me is two months
old
in 20 days it'll be fully grown
what will happen next the doctors don't
know
my body takes the watermelon for a new
organ and adapts to it
the doctor gave me a special serum that
returns my normal skin color
i can feel the weight of the watermelon
inside
my belly is round and there's nothing i
can do about it
august 30th i got sick
probably caught a cold now i spend all
day in the hospital under constant
supervision of doctors
i can taste my saliva it's sweet like
watermelon juice
when i sneeze these little seeds fly out
of my mouth
they look nothing like watermelon ones
they're green
and i can see some kind of vessels
inside them i wonder
if i plant them will watermelons grow
can i call them my children september
5th
it's very hard for me to move my belly
is huge
i take a mud bath under the uv lamps
doctors talk to me less than usual
they don't tell me what's happening to
me they're hiding something
i can feel it i can see the fear in
their eyes
as they pass by what did i do to
frighten them
i haven't looked in the mirror for a
long time but i don't want to
i'm sure i'll see a green monster there
something amazing is happening grass and
plants begin to grow around the mud bath
where i lie
but the coolest thing is that i can feel
these plants
i think i can communicate with them they
don't have
thoughts but i can feel if a flower
wants water or warmth
my belly isn't just round it's hard as a
rock
i feel okay with it though doctors say
they can't surgically remove the
watermelon from my body
because it has become part of it
september 12th
today i got up from the mud bath took a
shower
cleaned myself up and looked in the
mirror i look like a cute green orc with
a big belly
i'm walking around the hospital now i
hear voices
is it in my head or are they real
i can't hear what they're saying but
there are lots of them
they seem to be speaking in my own voice
i think i'm going crazy
the doctors still won't tell me what
this is all about
but i can see in their eyes that they
know what those voices are
september 16th the day has come
the watermelon is fully ripe i wake up
and put my hand on my stomach but it's
not round anymore
the doctors tell me that the watermelon
dissolved completely in my body
something's changed inside me my skin is
green
but i can make it normal at will i can
feel the plants around me
i think i can control them with an
effort of willpower
i force the stem of a plant nearby to
bend in the right direction
this is awesome the voices come back
again
they sound louder this time they call me
i wait for the doctors to leave my ward
and try to discern what the voices are
saying
september 17th night time
the doctors left the hospital leaving
just one on duty he's fallen asleep
i leave my ward and go to the source of
the voices
they're getting louder i see a door
marked top
secret voices are coming from there
it's locked i go to the sleeping doctor
and take the key card out of his pocket
very carefully i walk into a secret lab
and remember the seeds that flew out of
my mouth
i didn't pay much attention to them and
forgot all about it
but the doctors have collected every
seed that i spat
out i thought they would grow into
ordinary watermelons
but they didn't right before my eyes
there are several
capsules filled with water little green
people are sitting inside
half human half watermelon i can hear
their voices
we communicate telepathically they're
asking for help
i think we should get out of this lab
now i'm going to release my children and
escape from here
i hope this isn't my last record may
24th
it's been almost a year since i
swallowed the seed
i'm fine i live far from civilization
with my children
we live in harmony with nature on a
green field
near a dense forest this is probably my
last message
i and the army of my watermelon children
are planning to take over all of
humanity soon
because people are polluting nature too
much
[Laughter]
okay i'm just kidding i'm not some super
villain
if anyone finds this record then no
i'm happy over and out